Entries in this file are separated by ===. New entries are added to
the top of the file rather than the end.

===

Added some more functionality to the SWT app. There is now a selection
box, some sort of reasonable layout and a button that would save a
part of the image if that code were written at all.

Modified the Rakefile to handle the fact that swt needs different
libraries for 32 and 64 bit.

===

Modified the feature generation program to generate features for
images but as yet there are no images for classification.

Add very basic SWT functionality. It can display a scaled version of an
input image. This idea is to sophisticate this program into something
that can be used to generate training instances.

Rather than sophisticate the rake script to checkin the SWT jar
instead I've just included it in a lib directory. If it takes up too
much space we can extend the rake script to download it as part of
pulling dependencies.

I copied BuildForest out of Mahout thinking of modifying it, however I
think that it's friend TestForest is the one we really want to modify
as BuildForest can be called from the command line with the training
input file generated by GenFeatures, while TestForest in contrast
would be presented with too much data and needs data generated from
images to run.

===

Doing some basic project setup for eclipse. Create some
directories. Wrote a rake script that downloads Mahout and unpacks it
in the build directory and then updates the .classpath (used by
Eclipse) to point at it's jars and src. This is in prepartion for the
next step, i.e. running the learned decision tree forest over the
image set to find matches. I antisipate that this will require writing
some custom java code and slotting it into Mahout.

The current instructions for setting up the project after checking it out are:

1. rake
2. import the project into eclipse

It should be linked to the jars and src inside mahout.



